.\" 
.\" sockpol manual page.
.\" Copyright (C) 2009 Novell, Inc (http://www.novell.com)
.\"
.de Sp \" Vertical space (when we can't use .PP)
.if t .sp .5v
.if n .sp
..
.TH sockpol "Moonlight 2.0"
.SH NAME
sockpol \- Socket Policy Server for Moonlight 2+
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B sockpol --all | --local | --file policy
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fIsockpol\fP command is a small socket server that listen, on port
943, to Moonlight and Silverlight plugin request for a socket policy 
file.
.PP
This policy file instruct the plugin if it can, or not, use sockets
against the current host and what restrictions must be followed. The
three major restrictions are the
.I host
, the 
.I ports
, already restricted from 4502 to 4534, and the
.I protocol
which is currently limited to TCP.
.SH OPTIONS
The following options are available:
.TP
.I "--all"
Allow access to all URI on every port allowed by Moonlight (4502-4534).
.TP
.I "--local"
Allow local access on every port allowed by Moonlight (4502-4534).
.TP
.I "--file policy"
Load the specified policy file and send it to every requester.
.SH FILES
When a file policy file is specified it must be in the correct XML format
required by the plugins.
.PP
This example will allow any 
.I host
(domain) to connect using
.I protocol
TCP
to
.I ports
4502 to 4534. This policy is the most lax policy that is possible to use
with Moonlight.

.nf
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<access-policy>
	<cross-domain-access>
		<policy>
			<allow-from>
				<domain uri="*" />
			</allow-from>
			<grant-to>
				<socket-resource port="4502-4534" protocol="tcp" />
			</grant-to>
		</policy>
	</cross-domain-access>
</access-policy>
.fi
.SH MAILING LISTS
Mailing lists are listed at the
http://www.mono-project.com/Mailing_Lists
.SH WEB SITE
http://www.mono-project.com/Moonlight
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
mono(1)

