site:Aglux Silverlight
url:http://www.aglux.com.my
rating:3
 *  Hangs firefox. Bug 375266
 *  color gradient is wrong. Should go purple(top) to light blue(bottom)
 *  Mouse over animation is slow


site:Asset Allocator
url:http://weihong.us/silverlight/asset.htm 
rating:4
 *  Works!

site:Bubble Mark
url:http://bubblemark.com/wpfe.htm
rating:4
 *  choppy with 32+ balls Bug 362022


site:Chess Viewer 1.0
url:http://www.vertigo.com/downloads/SilverlightChess/10RC/default.html
rating:4
 * Works

site:Clock
url:http://silverlight.net/samples/1.0/clock/default.html
rating:4
 * Works
 * Canvas isn't transparent


site:Comic Book Viewer
url:http://mycomix.wintellect.com/Spotlight.aspx?Item=1041
rating:4
 * Works

site:E-commerce Catalog
url:http://www.flowers-for-you.com.my/catalog2.aspx
rating:0
 * Crashes firefox Bug 375215
 * Audio works. No video

site:Festive Greetings
url:http://www.mason-zimbler.com/festivegreetings
rating:4
 * Works!

site:Float Menu
url:http://ptstuido.512j.com/obj/Default.html
rating:-1
 * Site URL broken

site:Glyph Map
url:http://www.wynapse.com/Silverlight/Silverlight_GlyphMap_Utility.aspx
rating:1
 * Crashes Firefox if you move off the page. Bug 375273
 * Characters don't show up. Fonts not installed?
 * Mouse over chars also don't work. Fonts not installed?

site:Grand Piano
url:http://silverlight.net/samples/1.0/Grand-Piano/default.html
rating:4
 * Works

site:Halo 3
url:http://halo3.msn.com/videos.aspx
rating:0
 * Not detecting Moonlight. Bug 346280

site:HHH Comic Archive
url:http://www.microsoft.com/heroeshappenhere/comicviewer/default.html
rating:0
 * Gray canvas (background) flashes between transitions Bug 375275
 * Seems to have something to do with Visibility=Collapsed set on Images 

site:Ink Journal
url:http://www.thedatafarm.com/silverlight/journalsample
rating:2
 * Mouse icon is a crosshairs, not a dot. Bug 375213

site:Ink Tattoo Studio
url:http://silverlight.net/samples/1.0/Ink-Tattoo-Studio/default.html
rating:4
 * Works!

site:Kit 3D
url:http://www.markdawson.org/kit3d
rating:1
 * Spinning cubes with textue - light gray canvas appears. Bug 375216
 * Playing cards crashes Firefox - light gray canvas. Bug 375216
 * 3D picture grid - black canvas appears Bug 375217

site:LCD Clock
url:http://www.designwithsilverlight.com/tutorials/LCDClock/default.html
rating:3
 * Works
 * Outer frame is still showing

site:Matrix Digital Rain
url:http://blogs.sqlxml.org/wpfe/matrix
rating:-1
 * Nothing shows in the browser, with this error in the JS Console: \n Error: wpfeControl1Host is not defined Source File: \n http://blogs.sqlxml.org/wpfe/matrix/ Line: 26
 * This is actually broken javascript which relies on IE exposing element id's as properties of the page.

site:Matrix Falling Characters
url:http://blogs.msdn.com/synergist/archive/2007/09/28/matrix-falling-characters-in-silverlight.aspx
rating:1
 * Get 'unreponsive script' warning after about 15 sec. Bug 375272

site:Mircosoft Downloads
url:http://www.microsoft.com/beta/downloads/Default.aspx
rating:1
 * Background color is missing  - Bug 375218
 * In 'Browse Downloads', the index chars repeatedly highlight/unhighlight during mouse over Bug 375220
 * FF crashes if you hit the navigate back off the page. Bug 375219
 * Download categories don't appear when page is loaded. Bug 375221

site:Office Ribbon
url:http://xmldocs.net
rating:2
 * Controls are out of order. Bug 375223
 * Drop down menus aren't clickable Bug 375223
 * Missing check box. Bug 375223
 * Drop down list doesn't stay open Bug 351568
 * Text boxes aren't editable Bug 375224

site:On9Games
url:http://www.on9games.net/GameAction.aspx
rating:3
 * Animated runners do not appear Bug 375225
 * In 'Featured', the FAQ doesn't show the answers to the questions 375226
 * Mouse disappears during game play

site:Page Turn
url:http://silverlight.net/samples/1.0/Page-Turn/default.html
rating:2
 * Can't turn page Bug 375228
 * cannot annotate a page Bug 375229
 * only right hand page appears Bug 375227

site:Photo Carousel (SL 2.0)
url:http://www.nikhilk.net/Prototypes/PhotoCarousel
rating:2
 * Flickr page loads, entering search term does nothing. Bug 351583

site:Photo Gallery Viewer
url:http://www.designwithsilverlight.com/tutorials/photoGallery/gallery.html
rating:3
 * Images don't return to normal size after mouse over Bug 375231
 * clicking to enlarge/shrink images is broken Bug 375230

site:Photo Gallery Wall
url:http://designwithsilverlight.com/tutorials/photoGalleryWall/default.html
rating:-1
 * URL broken
 * Slide show cycles through pictures very fast
 * Thumbnails on left should outline immediately when the mouse is over it
 * Clicking on a thumbnail, the picture in the panel on the right doesn't changed quickly

site:Picture-in-picture screen cast
url:http://blogs.msdn.com/synergist/archive/2007/07/30/groove-and-virtual-earth.aspx
rating:2
 * Playback controls don't pop up at bottom Bug 351580
 * video is sluggish, tinted blue Bug 375232

site:Poker
url:http://home.people.net.au/~chriso/poker/poker.html
rating:1
 * Audio doens't play Bug 375234

site:Popfly
url:http://www.popfly.com
rating:2
 * toolbox mouse events are slow, out of sync Bug 375269
 * Edit a control has missing background and button Bug 375270
 * preview a mashup show only black screen Bug 375271

site:Scrolling Video Playlist
url:http://williablog.net/post/2007/11/Sample-Scrolling-Silverlight-Video-Playlist.aspx
rating:4
 * Works!

site:Silverlight Pad
url:http://silverlight.net/samples/1.0/Silverlight-Pad/default.html
rating:2
 * windowless bug causing xaml / js code to not appear. Bug 375235

site:Silverlight Showcase
url:http://silverlight.net/Showcase/default.aspx
rating:3
 * World map is slow Bug 375234
 * video is whitewashed Bug 375259

site:Silverlight Slide Show
url:http://www.vertigo.com/SlideShow.aspx
rating:4
 * Works!

site:Simon
url:http://www.vertigo.com/downloads/Simon/
rating:3
 * Buttons get darker with each push Bug 375261

site:Sparkleball
url:http://www.ddjsilverlight.com/sparkleball
rating:4
 * Works

site:Sprawl
url:http://silverlight.net/samples/1.0/Sprawl/default.html
rating:4
 * Works

site:Tile Text
url:http://silverlight.net/samples/1.0/Tile-Text/default.html
rating:3
 * Missing text box to change text due to windowless plugin not working. Bug 375263
 * Animation works well

site:TI-M Silverlight
url:http://silverlight.timovil.com
rating:2
 * Cannot interact with window. Mouse events don't work. Bug 375264

site:Web Analytics
url:http://xmldocs.net/Analytics
rating:3
 * Video is white washed. Bug 375259
